DOC-12464 Incorporate Vector Search in the Vector Index section (#443)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/vector-index/pages/use-vector-indexes.adoc

* In most cases, test using a Hyperscale Vector index.
If you find that the performance is not what you need, you can try using one of the other index types.

> * If your dataset will not grow beyond 100 million documents and you need to perform hybrid searches that combine vector searches with Full-Text Search or geospatial searches, use a Search Vector Index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your dataset will not grow beyond 100 million documents and you need to perform hybrid searches that combine vector searches with other Search Service features, such as text or geospatial search, use a Search Vector Index.
```

Author: Done
